listen Amazon isn't playing with their
shows like I admit that when I first was
looking into them I wasn't really taking
them seriously because all I cared about
was their two-day shipping so every time
I got an ad for Bosch I would ignore it
more than the NBA but one day I decided
pinching all their shows and they're
freaking incredible like Amazon is
already making plays every award season
with their movies but when I saw this
show called homecoming i legit think
this may be top three best series going
on right now however what I want to talk
about in this video is another one
that's taken my heart a show that I do
believe is in the top 10 of the year and
I'm gonna go on more tangents than mrs.
Basel
let me explain so I highly recommend the
show and as most of you know if you've
watched these videos I highly encourage
you guys to stop to let me explain
go binge it and then come back to talk
about it so you could just you know
experience it on your own but this show
pretty much revolves around this
housewife named midge whose businessman
of a husband strives to be a comedian
only for her to find out that he's been
stealing more lines than IGN what's
crazy about the show is that after she
finds out that her husband is a liar
that he's a cheater she takes all of
that anger out on stage where she finds
out that she may in fact be the comedian
in the family and then becomes the
incredible mrs. Mazal I think it's
interesting how this is pretty much a
play on Joan Rivers who was also a young
Jewish divorced wife who got some
mentoring from Lenny Bruce to become a
prolific female comedian that was pretty
vulgar
you shut that card or I don't want you
to sue me because I said she wasn't
attractive but I made it up because I
got her a spa day at pets R Us
I had a very bad when I was having my
child when I was kidding I mean Melissa
I screamed and screamed and that was
just during conception very angry I
don't know why cuz I think she's a
brilliant author I think you just bring
it back did you see her as Lincoln Kim
Kardashian you know II looked I was at
the wedding and I caught the bouquet is
that safe yeah first thing to catch from
her that didn't need a shot of
penicillin but if they ever make a real
biopic on rivers they have to get
Christine Baranski to do it because look
at him I love season 1 season 2 is good
but it's nowhere near season 1 and I
that has to do with the kind of like
sophomore slump that a lot of shows go
through where it's not saying that the
second season is bad it's just not as
great as the first but what's always
consistent with Mazal is a dialogue and
Stan I don't know the details but
looking at Stan just want to apologize
and tell them everything's gonna be okay
which it won't
cuz it Stan like you ever watch a
musical and by the time they get to the
music it's not really up to par or maybe
they do something like in season two
where you know they hype up a painting
or something that's supposed to be
visually stimulating and you know that
they can't live up to the hype that
they're giving it so the cameraman never
actually shows the painting on screen
well I love how Maysles acts are
actually funny right I've seen a lot of
stand-up based shows or movies where
they turn the audience into a laugh
track even though the punchlines that
they're given on stage or weaker than
Urkel and I think all of the credit goes
to the Paladino duo right here who write
the show together which i think is
really cool there's there's long chunks
of time where we actually during a day
don't see each other one person is down
on stage directing one person's in the
writers room or one person is in editing
or one person's sound mix and it's one
person's hiding yes one person's just
sobbing in a corner eating their hair
usually me and we have those moments
where it's like what was your day like
even though our days were kind of the
same days and in the same arena but we
didn't have the same experiences but
when you consider that Amy who also
previously did Gilmore Girls which I
hear is a great show that y'all should
binge you realize why every scene feels
like a tennis match with words pork
chops on my tab I can't believe that the
rabbi's been mad at us since the wedding
it only took four years of apologies and
a dreidel signed by Sammy Davis jr. but
we finally bought this graceful you like
your free pork chops zip it then
delivery Thursday obviously when you
have a great cast that's easy you know
some of y'all may know Tony Shalhoub is
monk where he's really good but here
he's literally touching everything so
they don't clean in here it's fine just
the way it is you have to pick your
friends as if there's a war going on
you want a husband will take a bullet
for you not one who points to the Attic
and says they're up there I'd say he's
the second most important role as midges
father there is the mom who is kind of
getting more development in the second
season even though I don't warn about
her son and that dude the CIA agents Joe
who's a complete and utter buffoon in
season one he's the ex-husband who like
hi how do you go for the secretary over
this so proportional how long have you
been measuring yourself like this every
day for 10 years even when you were
pregnant mm-hmm there's not enough
daiquiris in the wall granted I feel
like he's eventually gonna become midges
bodyguard since he's already been paper
buying it a bit for her or he takes that
small loan of 60k that his dad gave him
back in the day and finds his own
nightclub to trump the competition and
give Mazal spot to perform suzy whoo
look I can't get over where I remember
her from cuz I don't know how many of
you watched Matt to be back in the day
but every time I see her I'll never be
able to think of anything else but mrs.
Swan she was my favorite character after
Stewie but here she please the manager
who by the end of season two gets
offered a job to manage the competition
who I personally think she's gonna take
in I think she should take it but again
that's just me and I personally think
she's just still be carrying that
plunger and then there's season two's
new love interest who Chuck's he's so
adorable and I want to say that in my
opinion they're gonna stay together like
he's already a busy doctor so that offer
that Mazal gets at the end of season two
I don't see why he wouldn't support it
considering that he already likes her
stage persona I personally don't think
it's gonna be a problem but considering
that they're trying to make something
out of what kind of feels is really
nothing that's where I guess a lot of
the criticisms for the show starts to
come in like I've heard a couple people
complain that Mazal isn't really that
empowering considering she's already
rich she's gorgeous and she seems to be
divergent with the way she always gets
everything her way and while I kind of
see that you know being raised by a
single mother I'm not really gonna give
hazel a pass or any
Pop's because she works two jobs just
for fun I don't think you do validates
her story like yeah she does get a lot
of passes but she's also put into a lot
of situations where she has to figured
out herself every time her time slot is
pushed back she makes the best of it
she takes her criticisms and downfalls
and turns them into comedy and I also
think she's trash sometimes so yeah
she's not perfect she messes up so in
the same way that I'm against censoring
comedians I'm also not gonna look down
on a character and play the oppression
Olympics on them like if I'm watching
something I'm here to hear their story I
think comedy is heading into a very
dangerous place right now and I'm very
worried about there's there's some some
weird on it I am NOT myself if we start
not being able to do stories hmm because
view to the lens of me too or this that
you can't suddenly have anyone having a
political position or it's or thinking
about the message that it's sending out
there's no comedy about what you just no
one's seen it like you know outrage
addiction I think we're all sort of into
that said I don't know what's going on
with the parent side of this story it
almost feels like the kids are just
there to be used by Mesa whenever she
needs a line or they need to advance a
little part of the story like season two
began and I had completely forgotten
that she had an infant I thought this
baby had just gotten dropped off by a
stork or something like there's been
little to no conversations with the kids
and I'm not expecting them to give a
Jacob Trembley speech or anything like
that but if you're gonna have them as
plot points give them a little attention
she didn't even think about them when
she automatically signed up for a
six-month tour she thought about
everyone else but thumb like even I
more about a Donna's when he went
on his that said I'm so excited for
season three I highly recommend both
seasons and it just continues to prove
that while Netflix and Hulu and all
these other stations are doing big stuff
Amazon a mess
okay
[Music]
thinking I'm checking out this video I'm
Commissioner your thoughts down below in
the comment section which character
stands out the most to you I don't know
if you guys have seen missus Mazal if
you were like me and you just want
paying attention to the Amazon shows I
listen to y'all's recommendations you
know I say listen all the time but I
listened to you guys this was one that
was recommended a lot on the intercut
podcast if you guys don't know the
intercut podcast definitely go check
that out
I host it with my buddy Zach who by the
way has a music video which I'll link up
right here definitely go check that out
he's been directing some incredible
stuff but over there on the podcast
we're always talking about like new
shows and recently we've just fallen in
love with Amazon because you guys are
recommended stuff this I would say it's
top 3 in Amazon homecoming is one that I
definitely want to make a video on but
you know Amazon's got a bunch of secret
things over there that I guess they are
getting pushed a lot just no one's
taking Amazon as serious or I mean
people watch it I just don't think that
they're taking it as serious as they do
Netflix or some other streaming stuff
for the people who and you still look
down on streaming there are some really
good stuff going on over there
Kirsten are your thoughts down below in
the comment section any other shows that
you recommend that you want to see until
next time don't forget to comment like
and subscribe and I'll send you to Peter
lubbers